#therapy #ben #jordan #grimm #pony #trauma
i have therapy today, i'm having trouble remembering what to bring up
ok I said that but I have some ideas

- while i do appreciate her wanting to do some fun activities w my friends and my partner (former being taking that love languages test, and the latter being taking a walk with him), I do think that there's other issues that i want to touch on first before my therapist can have a better idea of how my friends are like.
- the topics i wanna touch on relate to my baggage with making friends In Real Life. i think i have to explain to her my situation with that, how it has been really hard to make and keep friends offline, but it has always been easier for me to bond with people online from our shared interests and this is how i met my partner and friends and why it's been relatively easier for me to upkeep my friendships in the form of not face-to-face.
- I bring this up because i've had recently an anxious scary moment with trying to further my friendship with a work friend, i asked him for his number (which already, has some gender-related tension unfortunately) and he wrote it down on a piece of paper, and i misread one of the digits and texted him and he didn't respond, which made me feel rejected, angry, and sad. I did learn however, that it was just a misunderstanding and he thought i iced him out LOL. he said he would love to hang out sometime and im really happy about that :-)
- so for THIS session, i'd wanna talk more about this sort of thing, and that i might be a bit shy with talking about my friends/partner directly?? that me and my friends/partner are extremely odd and particular about a lot of things, so maybe something like taking a love languages test might not be a super great fit just yet lol. we bond by sharing our interests and intimate details about our emotions as a sign of trust, we value the calls we have together, and all of us have a bunch of different baggages and traumas but we try our best to figure out how to best show up for each other (as much as we can do through the internet). might be all that she needs to know? I'll have to ask about that.
- PLUS i could say that me and my partner had a rough week w work and everything and havent had a lot of time to hang out w each other OR our friends, a walk is a big ask for us both 😭
---
AFTER THERAPY:
- I'm really happy that now we are on the same page, and a lot of things were clarified! She gave me a "assignment" to try seeing if there's an event or meeting for the Universalist church this week on either Monday thru Wednesday for me to attend. I am . nervous. but I'm willing to give it a try (sweats) + if I can text Ben this week too.... nervous about that too but I did get the hard part of putting myself out there out of the way so I can basically do anything :'-)
- I also did get clarification about the love languages thing. She was like wanting to hear about what my friends got but I was nervous about disappointing her for not asking them to take it, but she said it is just for fun and not a requirement. BUT that being said I'd still want my friends to take it just to see what they get!
- She is aware about the Mia stuff, and that I struggle with a lot of self esteem issues and that I am hard on myself and that opened a sensitive spot for me when she said that I seem like a good friend that people can rely on te