I'm in my first ever UU sermon right now.. the togetherness feels really nice :') BUT they had a ritual where everybody faced different cardinal directions and i got it wrong LOL. it was cool though i like it, its very, shall i say, universal. which is the point :-)

earth my body
water my blood
fire my body
lift my spirit?

OMG THERES CHILDREN YAYY

the kids keep trying to talk and the speaker keeps on saying "im gonna be talking for a few minutes" LOL i felt a twinge of eek when she /sounded/ demeaning to a kid answering her question, but i dont think its very rational.

is something growing inside of me that will be ready to blossom?

this is a very beautiful and compassionate insight into the hardships of life and how offering compassion for the people around you will get you through the worst of times

how we are all experiencing life at once

ST BRIGIDS DAY????????????????????????

i lovee how they are incorporating pagan/spiritual symbols in this practice and sermon. I was right when I said that these sort of symbols are psychologically potent in sharing these high-concept ideas even if the Literal Belief in deities/concepts from other religions isnt there

what will i sweep away?
- i want to work on my hesitation to put myself out there, in new communities, new friends, new opportunities.
- self-denial of how i want to present myself, like my personality and interests, i dont want to hold back and self-flagellate like im so used to doing
what is awakening in me?
- that self-compassion will help me to suppress internally shaming other people not like me, and will ultimately help me reach
what flame should i tend to?
how should i prepare?