DUDE ITS BEEN FIVE TRILLIAN YEARS since I was in here.... things have been a bit hard. As in little thangs here and there, mostly with my job, finances, and general CPTSD and BPD stuff. on top of me recently having an issue refilling my meds (tbh it was that I didnt know that my last bottle Was my last refill for the period. oh well)

It is ok, I have done  a lot in adjusting my priorities with my phone. And technology in general stirring from suddenly getting the motivation to download ALL of my music playlists on Youtube, so I can have my music with my locally at ALL. TIMES. !

And now thanks to some YT videos inspiring me, I want to try decentering my phone from being my music, note-taking, and camera and apps device. I want dedicated devices for my needs. I already deleted a buncha apps i didnt need on my phone, I got my Samsung notes on my PC and took it off of my phone, I moved all of my videos and old voice memos to my PC to save space (and also so I can internalize that I should use my physical notepad for notes when out and about. Mostly for that though to be fair).

and finally, I am trying to muse on what my ideal kind of mp3 player would be.... an old iPod sounds nice initially, but I want to see what else is available.

features I want:
- will last a long time
- simple menu and options
- big display of song art and able to see both song and artist title
- can navigate through my folders
- can make new playlists

and finally, and the device i want to invest in next (since I have a pretty good solution for music rn i dont have to rush this part): a camera !!!!!!!

I really like the idea of having a seperate physical device Just for photos and videos. and also I dont wanna keep having to upkeep the storage issues and organizing the magnitude of my camera roll and how big it eventually gets. If i can just have a seperate camera, and a folder on my PC for all of my saved photos and vids, it would make life so much easier oh my god. 