I have been feeling constant self-shame
and I think I've been Legit depressed for a while now

and I'm really scared to just. stop feeling constant guilt and shame for my past actions.
- cutting Mia off the way I did.
- leaving my family behind
- not maintaining my friendships from middle and high school, and college

I feel like I can't stop feeling bad for these things, like intentionally. I can't just tell myself "Don't feel bad about this, you deserve to not feel guilty" because... what other good have I done? I can't because of me. Because it's me that I did that. I have to make up for being me. I have to make up for it by feeling ashamed of myself.

But that isn't how atonement works. Are those even things to atone for?

The immediate gut feeling of "Ohh you moved across the whole country and left EVERYONE behind, and now you have the gall to not even regret anything???? FUCK you."

I CAN'T LIVE LIKE THIS. 

Is it literally that I'm in my 20's?? Goddamn I feel like if I was older I would nottt give a fuck anymore. It's been so long at this point. I want everyone to thrive. I want ME to thrive. I deserve to have another chance. This IS my second chance. All of this is!!!

I know that the Ability to Feel Shame doesnt just magically go away the older you get, but I mean that I just feel like a lot of this has to do with societal expectations for young adult women to constantly feel like they have to "make up" for making mistakes socially..? Idk how to explain that, it just feels weirdly gendered now that I think about it. HEAR ME OUT. Men get to gallivant off and individualize themselves, and everyone's just like "oh yea he's out doin his own thang, good for him" but GOD FORBID a WOMAN do that same thing without constantly checking on her loved ones. GOOD GRIEF. And like don't get me wrong, checking on loved ones is a Good thing To Do. But it feels like there's a double standard. I know I'm sentimental and feel great attachment to my partner and friends... but I think I should feel OK with the fact that the social sphere of my upbringing just... didn't work out for me. I have the right to try again!