I have a therapist appt. today and I'm feeling. Pretty insecure. I feel like even though I DID do some new things this week, I still feel like it is underwhelming and dissapointing. I know she wanted me to do a group gathering this week but I could only manage to go to the Sunday service through a Zoom call. I didn't interact with anyone. But i still believe that was a good first step for me to understand the vibe of everything. I think I'm going to have pretty slow progress for a while but it IS progress. I really want to try to do SOMETHING lovely next week... I do have some ideas.
- Me and Jordan would love to go on a walk thru the park this weekend
- If I have Sunday morning available, I'd wanna attend a service in person if I feel up to it
- If there's a group event at the church that sounds nice, I'd like to attend

PLUS I was able to text Ben, and while he wasn't able to reply thru text, he DID when he saw me at work which is reassuring! I feel better knowing that my attempts to believe in a more charitable light is paying off. I got to see pics of him and his GF visiting this huge-ass fork in the middle of a field which I had no idea even existed LOL. I should find a pic of it and show my therapist

He also told me about this quilting class he is taking in Albany that is literally only 5 dollars to attend, and they have sewing machines and materials already available!!! He did say that in order to attend I need to know how a sewing machine works already so I don't hurt myself. It is every Thursday from 11am-2pm I believe? It sounds super appealing and I think I could re-teach myself through like YouTube videos and studying or something. But that is on my radar for the near future!!! I'd love to make a cutesy wootsie quilt for my GF hehe <33

I was also able to actually make COLORED REFS of my OCs !!!!!! Actually committing to making Actual Art References is difficult because I feel like I'm really .... abstract and nebulous with my ideas but that leads to me struggling with more concrete decisions with my projects BUT that is progress!!! I just need to practice it more deliberately, I know I can do it !!! Maybe I can show her but I'm not shore.

!! Ask about doodling while talking feelings out... I think I need to preoccupy my eyes and hands with something while talking about heavy topics

I need to go the feelings I had about feeling like I'm not the kind of person the people who created my favorite show would like. It's not just about it being my Favorite Show, it's like. Extremely important to me and shaped me to be the person I am today, that helped me come to terms with how I was being treated by my family, and my queerness, and how I experience my strong emotions and my art OMG my art.... like so so so much about me is due to being so inspired by this show as a teen and growing up into a young adult. It means a lot to me, so the insecuri